We now have two separate production issues in the latest Android build. Do not create another build until both are reproduced, diagnosed, and verified.

Issue 1 — App crashes before OTP when using the admin number

Steps to reproduce:

Open the Android app.
Enter admin phone number: 98584898
Tap تسجيل الدخول
Before any OTP screen appears, the app shows:
Something went wrong
Please reload the app to continue
Try Again

This happens specifically in the admin login path.

Required investigation

Do not hide the error with another generic error screen. Find the exact runtime exception.

Inspect:

AuthContext
Login screen submit handler
Admin hardcoded authentication path
Admin database record creation/check
Navigation after admin authentication
Any code that assumes an OTP response exists
Any access to properties such as:
response.otpDelivery
response.user
response.token
response.message
Any route that receives missing or undefined parameters

The admin flow may bypass OTP, while the current login code still tries to process it as a normal OTP response.

Add temporary diagnostic logging around the complete login operation:

console.log("ADMIN LOGIN START", { phone });

try {
  const result = await loginOrRequestOtp(phone);
  console.log("ADMIN LOGIN RESULT", JSON.stringify(result));

  // Log which branch is selected:
  console.log("LOGIN FLOW", {
    isAdmin,
    requiresOtp: result?.requiresOtp,
    otpDelivery: result?.otpDelivery,
    hasToken: Boolean(result?.token),
    hasUser: Boolean(result?.user),
  });
} catch (error) {
  console.error("ADMIN LOGIN ERROR", error);
}

The actual implementation must match the existing functions; do not invent a second authentication system.

Expected admin behavior

For phone number 98584898:

The app must not crash.
If the admin does not require OTP, authenticate the admin and navigate directly to the admin screen.
If the admin requires OTP, navigate normally to the OTP screen.
Never continue into OTP logic using undefined response data.
Ensure the admin database record exists before loading admin profile data.
Show a clear Arabic error message if the backend request genuinely fails.

Also inspect Render backend logs for the request made when 98584898 is submitted and report:

Endpoint called
HTTP status code
Response body
Exact frontend exception and file/line
Exact root cause

Do not merely add optional chaining everywhere. Fix the incorrect authentication branch.

Issue 2 — Arabic layout remains left-aligned on Android

The Arabic text and section labels are still aligned to the left in the current Android build.

Important: the first Android release displayed the Arabic layout correctly on the right.

Therefore, do not continue adding random RTL fixes. Compare the current code against the first working Android release and find the regression.

Required investigation

Use Git history to locate the first Android commit/build where RTL worked correctly.

Compare these files between the working version and the current version:

app.json / app.config.*
Root layout
Expo Router layouts
Login screen
Register screen
New Request screen
Shared text/input components
Theme files
Global styles
Any I18nManager code

Run commands such as:

git log --oneline --all
git diff <FIRST_WORKING_RTL_COMMIT>..HEAD -- artifacts/saedni-mobile
git grep -n "I18nManager"
git grep -n "allowRTL"
git grep -n "forceRTL"
git grep -n "swapLeftAndRightInRTL"
git grep -n "textAlign.*left"
git grep -n "alignSelf.*flex-start"
git grep -n "alignItems.*flex-start"

Check whether a later commit:

Disabled I18nManager
Removed RTL configuration
Changed a root container to LTR
Replaced row-reverse with row
Added explicit left alignment
Changed physical left/right styling
Broke RTL when adding Expo localization or removing it
Changed Android-specific behavior
Required RTL result

The app is Arabic-only. On Android, including when the device language is English:

Screen titles must align right.
Section labels must align right.
Placeholders must begin from the right.
Typed Arabic text must start from the right.
Login and registration labels must align right.
New Request labels such as:
الوقت
المنطقة
المبلغ المدفوع
تفاصيل الطلب
must align right.
Dropdown rows, icons, and text must follow the intended RTL order.
Bottom navigation must retain the correct existing order.

Do not assume that this is only a TextInput problem. Inspect both the text styles and their parent layout containers.

Prefer restoring the RTL implementation from the first working Android version rather than layering more conflicting fixes onto the current code.

Remove all temporary build/debug text

Remove every temporary marker from the production UI, including:

RTL FIX VERIFIED – BUILD 11
Android Build 10 – f299b68
Build 10
Build 11

Also search for and remove any visible:

Build number
Commit hash
RTL verification text
Debug labels

These must not appear in the released application.

Verification required before building

Do not trigger EAS Build immediately.

First provide:

Exact root cause of the admin crash.
Exact file and line that caused it.
Backend response for admin login.
Commit comparison showing what broke RTL after the first Android version.
List of files changed.
A local Android screenshot or emulator screenshot proving:
Admin number no longer crashes.
Correct admin login flow occurs.
Login labels are aligned right.
New Request section labels are aligned right.
No Build/debug labels remain.

Then commit and push the fixes.

Use the next unused Android version code. Check the current Play Console/EAS version first; do not assume that version code 12 is still unused.

Report:

Version name
Version code
Git commit hash
EAS Build ID
Exact verification results